foundry/scripts/README.md, before:

# How to deploy

- Install dependencies `npm install`
- `cd foundry`

## Deploy on a Tenderly fork

1. Make a new [fork](https://dashboard.tenderly.co/) in tenderly dashboard for the
   chain that you wish to deploy on.
2. Set the following environment variables:

```
export RPC_URL=<fork-rpc-from-tenderly>
export DEPLOY_WALLET=<wallet-address>
export PRIVATE_KEY=<private-key>
```

3. Fund wallet: `npx hardhat run scripts/fund-wallet-tenderly-fork.js --network tenderly`

## Deploy on Ethereum Mainnet or Base

Make sure to run `unset HISTFILE` in your terminal before setting the private key. This will prevent the private key
from being stored in the shell history.

1. Set the following environment variables:

```
export RPC_URL=<chain-rpc-url>
export DEPLOY_WALLET=<wallet-address>
export PRIVATE_KEY=<private-key>
export BLOCKCHAIN_EXPLORER_API_KEY=<blockchain-explorer-api-key>
```

## Deploy Tycho Router

For each of the following, you must select one of `tenderly_ethereum`, `tenderly_base`,
`ethereum`, `base`, or `unichain` as the network.

1. Deploy router: `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-router.js --network NETWORK`
2. Define the accounts to grant roles to in `scripts/roles.json`
3. Export the router address to the environment variable `export ROUTER_ADDRESS=<router-address>`
4. Grant roles: `npx hardhat run scripts/set-roles.js --network NETWORK`
5. Set executors: `npx hardhat run scripts/set-executors.js --network NETWORK`. Make sure you change the
   DEPLOY_WALLET to the executor deployer wallet. If you need to deploy executors, follow the instructions below.

### Deploy executors

1. In `scripts/deploy-executors.js` define the executors to be deployed
2. Deploy executors: `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-executors.js --network NETWORK`
3. Fill in the executor addresses in `config/executor_addresses.json`

### Remove executors

1. If you set a new executor for the same protocol, you need to remove the old one.
2. Run: `npx hardhat run scripts/remove-executor.js --network NETWORK`
3. There will be a prompt for you to insert the executor address you want to remove.

### Revoke roles

1. If you wish to revoke a role for a certain address, run: `npx hardhat run scripts/revoke-role.js --network NETWORK`
2. There will be a prompt for you to insert the role hash and the address you want to revoke it for.

### Safe wallet

1. If the wallet that has the role, is a Gnosis Safe, you need to set the `SAFE_ADDRESS` env var.
2. The scripts deploy-executors, remove-executor, set-roles and revoke-role all support this.
    1. If `SAFE_ADDRESS` is set, then it will propose a transaction to the safe wallet and later on it needs to be
       approved in their UI to execute on chain.
    2. If it's not set, it will submit the transaction directly to the chain.

Commit message:

feat: Uniswap X deployment script
--- don't change below this line ---
ENG-4675 Took 23 minutes

foundry/scripts/README.md, after:

# How to deploy

- Install dependencies `npm install`
- `cd foundry`

## Deploy on a Tenderly fork

1. Make a new [fork](https://dashboard.tenderly.co/) in tenderly dashboard for the
   chain that you wish to deploy on.
2. Set the following environment variables:

```
export RPC_URL=<fork-rpc-from-tenderly>
export DEPLOY_WALLET=<wallet-address>
export PRIVATE_KEY=<private-key>
```

3. Fund wallet: `npx hardhat run scripts/fund-wallet-tenderly-fork.js --network tenderly`

## Deploy on Ethereum Mainnet or Base

Make sure to run `unset HISTFILE` in your terminal before setting the private key. This will prevent the private key
from being stored in the shell history.

1. Set the following environment variables:

```
export RPC_URL=<chain-rpc-url>
export DEPLOY_WALLET=<wallet-address>
export PRIVATE_KEY=<private-key>
export BLOCKCHAIN_EXPLORER_API_KEY=<blockchain-explorer-api-key>
```

## Deploy Tycho Router

For each of the following, you must select one of `tenderly_ethereum`, `tenderly_base`,
`ethereum`, `base`, or `unichain` as the network.

1. Deploy router: `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-router.js --network NETWORK`
2. Define the accounts to grant roles to in `scripts/roles.json`
3. Export the router address to the environment variable `export ROUTER_ADDRESS=<router-address>`
4. Grant roles: `npx hardhat run scripts/set-roles.js --network NETWORK`
5. Set executors: `npx hardhat run scripts/set-executors.js --network NETWORK`. Make sure you change the
   DEPLOY_WALLET to the executor deployer wallet. If you need to deploy executors, follow the instructions below.

### Deploy executors

1. In `scripts/deploy-executors.js` define the executors to be deployed
2. Deploy executors: `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-executors.js --network NETWORK`
3. Fill in the executor addresses in `config/executor_addresses.json`

### Remove executors

1. If you set a new executor for the same protocol, you need to remove the old one.
2. Run: `npx hardhat run scripts/remove-executor.js --network NETWORK`
3. There will be a prompt for you to insert the executor address you want to remove.

### Revoke roles

1. If you wish to revoke a role for a certain address, run: `npx hardhat run scripts/revoke-role.js --network NETWORK`
2. There will be a prompt for you to insert the role hash and the address you want to revoke it for.

### Safe wallet

1. If the wallet that has the role, is a Gnosis Safe, you need to set the `SAFE_ADDRESS` env var.
2. The scripts deploy-executors, remove-executor, set-roles and revoke-role all support this.
    1. If `SAFE_ADDRESS` is set, then it will propose a transaction to the safe wallet and later on it needs to be
       approved in their UI to execute on chain.
    2. If it's not set, it will submit the transaction directly to the chain.

## Deploy Uniswap X filler

The current script deploys an Uniswap X filler and verifies it in the corresponding blockchain explorer.

Make sure to run `unset HISTFILE` in your terminal before setting the private key. This will prevent the private key
from being stored in the shell history.

1. Set the following environment variables:

```
export RPC_URL=<chain-rpc-url>
export PRIVATE_KEY=<deploy-wallet-private-key>
export BLOCKCHAIN_EXPLORER_API_KEY=<blockchain-explorer-api-key>
```

2. Confirm that the variables `tychoRouter`, `uniswapXReactor` and `nativeToken` are correctly set in the script.
3. Run `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-uniswap-x-filler.js --network NETWORK`.
